Overview

This is a website that tracks a user's deliveries for the night.  It displays all 
deliveries, the breakdown of how many deliveries for each delivery.  It 
calculates the total delivery fee.  It keeps track of all tips. Allows users to 
punch in and out to keep track of hours and also how much money the user owes the 
house at the end of the night.

This Should be a mobile first, fully responsive progressive web app.  It should be 
built using PaperCSS. Here is a link to the documentation: https://www.getpapercss.com/docs/.  
Please completely read through it until you thoroughly understand it.  Here is the link for 
PWA documentation: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps.  
Please read it and thoroughly understand it.  

The project should use HTML, PaperCSS/CSS, Typescript/JavaScript, and anything else you deem 
necessary. Please thoroughly read through all documentation for the languages before beginning 
the project. For storage, localStorage and indexedDB should be used.  Data will also be downloaded 
and updated in a workbook. 

There will be two images, a favicon, and an icon will be included in this project.  The project will 
have a light mode and dark mode. One image (day image) will be for light mode.  The other image 
(night image) will be for dark mode. The following is an outline of the project:


HTML aka “The Bones”(with maybe a little CSS.)

    Header
        At the top of the Page In the header will be the images.  In light mode will be VillaAndCarPixarDay.png.  
        In dark mode will be VillaAndCarPixarNight.png

        Directly underneath the image in the Header will be the actual Header/Title H1 element “Driver’s Dough”.  

    Body
        At the top of the body underneath the header are two buttons. They share a row and are evenly spaced and centered.  
        One is named “Add Entry” the other is named “Edit Entry”

        Next is a card with a table on it.  The following are headers and can be abbreviated as long as it is still 
        easy to understand what it stands for.

            Number - this is a count for the number of entries and to identify an entry
            Street - this is the address of the delivery
            Type - This is the type of order there are three type
            Cash
            Online CC (credit card for online order)
            Phone CC (credit card over the phone)
            Total - This is the total on the receipt that is really only needed for cash orders.  
            Tip - This is what the user received in tip for the delivery
            Fee - This is what was charged as a delivery fee for the order.  The user gets a portion of it.

        Next is a header for the next section called “Calculations”

        Then a card This will have labels pinned to the left with their totals (start at zero an increment by 1) 
        pinned to the right.  It is a count of how many of each delivery fee type There are seven labels.  This 
        should be implemented using an unordered list.

            $2.25 Deliveries
            $4.00 Deliveries
            $5.00 Deliveries
            $6.00 Deliveries
            $7.00 Deliveries
            $8.00 Deliveries
            Total Deliveries    

        Then another card.  This card keeps track of how much the driver has earned from each delivery fee type.  
        There are 7 labels for this one as well.  Label pinned left, value pinned right (in dollar format). This
        should be implemented using an unordered list.

            $2.25 @ 1.50ea
            $4.00 @ 3.25ea
            $5.00 @ 4.25ea
            $6.00 @ 5.25ea
            $7.00 @ 6.25ea
            $8.00 @ 7.25ea
            Total Value of Fees

        The next card has three labels pinned to the left with their matching totals (in dollar format) pinned to the right.  
        This should be implemented using an unordered list. The labels are:

            CC gratuity - this is the total of all tips that were on online CC or phone CC
            Delivery Fees - This is the total value of fees from above
            Total from House - This is the total of CC gratuity and Delivery Fees

        The final card has four labels pinned to the left with their values in dollar format pinned to the right. This should be implemented
        using an unordered list. The labels are:

            Total from House - This is pulled from the previous card.
            Cash Gratuity - This is a total of all tips that are cash only
            Night Total - This is a total of Cash Gratuity and Total from House
            Total Cash Owed - This is a total of the totals of all cash orders.  The amount the user owes at the end of the night

        (hidden) another card that has form for entering a new delivery.  This form will include the following:

            Text input with the label of “Address”

            Sharing a row are two drop down menus evenly spaced and centered:
                One labeled "Delivery Fee" with the following options:

                    $2.25
                    $4.00
                    $5.00
                    $6.00
                    $7.00
                    $8.00

                The other labeled "Order Type" with the following options:
                    Cash
                    Phone CC
                    Online CC

            The next row is shared by two numerical input boxes evenly spaced and centered. They are

                Gratuity - the amount of tip on the slip
                Order Total - the total on the slip

            Then there are two check boxes. One check box or no checkboxes can be selected at a time. They are:

                Cash Tip
                Partial Cash

            Finally there are two buttons that share a row evenly spaced and centered.  They are:

                Submit - clears and submits the form
                Cancel - clears and closes the form

        (hidden) Custom Modal. It should be heavily modeled after the pizza box in the image pizzaBox.jpg.  What it says 
        and how you interact changes depending on why it is triggered. ** All modals/prompts/alerts should use this**.

        (hidden) Custom Number pad.  This should consist of 4 rows of buttons evenly spaced and centered they are:
            1st row: Buttons 1, 2, 3
            2nd row: Buttons 4, 5, 6
            3rd row: Buttons 7, 8, 9
            4th row: Buttons <-, 0, Ok

    Footer

        The elements in this section should be centered vertically but not horizontally.  They are

            Toggle switch - should be pinned right.  Toggles between light mode and dark mode
            Hamburger Menu -should be pinned left.  Has the following options:

                Punch In/Out
                    A custom modal that allows the user to keep track of hours
                End Night
                    Starts the end night process
                Maps
                    Three interactive maps with a grid system.  They are neighborhood trailer parks that don’t have streets 
                    and numbers. Just numbers that start at 1 and go on. The numbers are not assigned per street.  The grid system 
                    will help find the numbers in the park.  For now use https://picsum.photos/2560/1440 for the place holders The 
                    maps names are:

                        Amazon Campground
                        Colonial Village
                        Crystal Springs

                Building Codes
                    List of current known codes for building access.
                Statistics
                    This brings the user to a page that lists statistics based on the data in the workbooks.
                Magnifier
                    This links to an external app.  Need to determine the best magnifier/flashlight app to use for 
                    android and one to use for Apple.
                Help
                    Links to either the Readme file or an html page with instructions on how to use the site.

TypeScript and JavaScript aka “The Muscle”
	
    Header
        No script needed
    
    Body
        Add Entry button
            This button hides everything and displays the form for entering a new delivery.
        Edit Entry button
            This button brings up the custom modal.  It should ask the user to input the number of the delivery they
            would like to edit.  There should be a submit and cancel button.  Cancel button will bring user back
            to home screen. Clicking submit should repurpose the current modal to display a dropdown menu with the 
            options of:
                
                Delete
                Street
                Order Type
                Order Total
                Tip
                Fee
            
            On this modal there should be an submit button and a back button.  The back button should take the user back 
            to the modal with numerical input for choosing a delivery to edit.  The submit button does one of two things:

                If Delete is chosen:  
                    The modal should be repurposed again.  This time as confirmation.  It should inform 
                    the user that it will permanently delete the record.  If they just want to edit they should do so as 
                    deleting will remove the timestamp and you will have inaccurate hourly stats if you reenter the order with 
                    the current timestamp. There should be an OK button and a Back button on the Modal.  Clicking Ok will remove
                    the record and shift the Number for the deliveries that would be affected accordingly. 
                
                If one of the others is chosen :
                    The modal should be repurposed again.  This time asking for the new information.
                        If street is selected a text input should be shown
                        else if order type is selected It should have a drop down menu with the the options of Cash, Phone CC, 
                            and Online CC
                        else if fee is selected a drop down menu with the options of $2.25, $4.00, $5.00, $6.00, $7.00, $8.00
                            should appear.
                        else a numerical input box should appear for the correct dollar amount to be entered.  The decimal place
                            should automatically appear as numbers are entered keeping the number at two decimal places. When the 
                            input box is clicked on, the custom number pad should appear in a position where the input box is visible
                            as well as the complete number pad.
                    There should be a submit button and a back button on this modal.  The back button will bring the user back to the previous
                    modal to choose a different field to edit or delete the whole entry.  If they click submit the modal should be repurposed into 
                    a confirmation modal.  It should display what the user entered and ask if it is correct.  There should be an ok button and a 
                    back button.  The back button brings the user back to the previous modal to enter the correct information. The Ok button saves 
                    the information and updates the delivery appropriately. However, there are two additional considerations:

                        if tip was selected:
                            After the amount entered was submitted The modal should again be repurposed to ask if any of the tip is cash. There 
                            should be two check boxes to do this.  One is labeled no. The other yes.  If yes is checked a numerical input should 
                            appear with a label of "How much?" The decimal point should automatically appear in the text input.  it should keep
                            it to two decimal places for correct dollar amount. There should be a submit and cancel button on the modal. That amount
                            should be added to cash tip totals.  The amount should also be subtracted from the initial amount entered and that total 
                            should be saved towards cc gratuity.
                        if order type is changed from cash to anything else:
                            After it was submitted the modal should again be repurposed to ask the user if any of the tip amount is cash.  There 
                            should be a yes check box and a no checkbox.   If yes is checked a numerical input should appear with a label of 
                            "How much?" The decimal point should automatically appear in the text input.  it should keep it to two decimal places 
                            for correct dollar amount. There should be a submit and cancel button on the modal. That amount should be added to cash 
                            tip totals.  The amount should also be subtracted from the tip amount already stored for that delivery and that total 
                            should be saved towards cc gratuity.

        Card with Delivery Table. 
            The majority of this table should be implemented through the data that is saved from the data in the add entry form. I would imagine the
            data from the from will be stored in a delivery object. Each header on the table corresponds with a field on the order entry form.  So
            filling the table should be easy from an array of delivery objects.

        Next is the header for the next section called "Calculations"
            This does not require script

        The card that calculates the total number of deliveries. 
            Six of the Seven labels can be calculated when submitting the new delivery entry form.  It is a matter of a simple check of the submitted
            data to see which one of the six delivery fees is used on the delivery form entry.  There should be a variable for each one of the six 
            fee amounts.  What ever delivery fee is submitted for the entry the corresponding variable should += 1. That variable is the value 
            displayed with the corresponding label on the card. 

            The last label "Total Deliveries" is simply the total of the other six labels. 

        The next card shows the value of the amount earned for each fee amount.  
            This is calculated by taking the total amount of deliveries for each fee amount and multiplying it by the (fee amount - .75).  Therefore:
                $2.25 is calculated as $1.50
                $4.00 is calculated as $3.25
                $5.00 is calculated as $4.25
                $6.00 is calculated as $5.25
                $7.00 is calculated as $6.25
                $8.00 is calculated as $7.25
            Total Value of Fees is a sum of all delivery fees entered. 

        The next card contains the labels CC gratuity, Delivery Fees, and Total Value from House.
            CC gratuity - This is calculated by running through the array of deliveries and += every delivery that has a cc tip to a variable.
            Delivery Fees - This is calculated the same way as cc gratuity, but with the delivery fees
            Total from House - This is simply CC Gratuity + Delivery Fees
        
        The final visible card contains the totals of the night.  They are Total from House, Cash Gratuity, Night Total, and Total Cash Owed
            Total from House - this is from the previous card.  It's the total fo CC Gratuity + Delivery Fees
            Cash Gratuity - this is calculated by going iterating through the array and += all cash tips.  including the cash portion of Partial
                            cash tips.
            Night Total - This is simply Total from House + Cash Gratuity.  (It is the amount of money the user made for the shift)
            Total Cash Owed - This is calculated by iterating through the array of objects and += the order total for cash orders only. This is
                              the amount the user owes back to the business.

        (hidden) This is the card that contains the form for entering new deliveries. This becomes visible when the user presses the add entry 
        button. I believe the best way to handle the data is to put it into a delivery object. This is what the form contains.
            Address text input
                no special script needed for this.
            Delivery Fee drop down menu
                no special script needed for this
            Order type drop down menu
                If cash is selected from the menu then the user changes is to any of the other options, the cash tip and partial cash tip check
                boxes need to become unchecked.  
                If either of the credit card options are selected, then changed to Cash.  The partial cash check box needs to become unchecked as
                it is not possible to have a cc tip at that point.
            Gratuity numerical input
                This should be numbers only.  It should automatically have two decimal places and as the user enters numbers they move from right 
                to left.
            Order Total numerical input
                This should be numbers only.  It should automatically have two decimal places and as the user enters numbers they move from right
                to left.
            Cash Tip and Partial Cash check boxes
                only one of these can be checked at a time. They can be unchecked.  Is cash is selected from the order type drop down menu and it is 
                changed ensure these checkboxes are unchecked.  
            Submit button
                This creates the delivery object and enters the object into the array.  Upon submitting the user should receive a custom modal asking
                them to confirm the information they have entered.  There should be two buttons, confirm and back.  They do exactly what they say they
                do.
            Cancel button
                This clears the form and closes it, returning the user to the home screen.
        
        (hidden) Custom Modal modeled after pizzaBox.jpg
            I can not specify code as it will be specific to the instance it is used.  I have tried to explain how it should be implemented as the 
            use cases are introduced. All modals in this program should use this design.  If you have any questions please ask. 

        (hidden) Custom Number pad.  This should consist of 4 rows of buttons evenly spaced and centered they are:
            1st row: Buttons 1, 2, 3
            2nd row: Buttons 4, 5, 6
            3rd row: Buttons 7, 8, 9
            4th row: Buttons <-, 0, Ok
            This number pad should pop up,be visible ,but unobtrusive whenever a numerical input field is selected. The numbers enter their 
            corresponding values.  The back arrow deletes the right most number entered.   Ok closes the number pad.  However, the number pad 
            can be reopened by selecting the numerical input again.
        
    Footer
        Toggle switch
            This script should toggle light mode and dark mode
        Hamburger Menu
            Punch In/Out
                This should use the custom modal.  When it pops up it should check localStorage to see if the user has punched in already.  If 
                they have not.  It should ask the user if they want to punch in.  If they have, then it should ask the user if the want to punch 
                out.  There are two buttons, yes and no.  no closes the modal.  yes Should save a timestamp to localStorage under whichever use
                case it was and then closes the modal.
            End Night
                This should bring up the custom modal to confirm if the user would like to submit the data to the workbooks and clear the table
                of deliveries. Two buttons, confirm and cancel, they both do what they say.
                    When the confirm button is pushed the data needs to be downloaded and saved into workbooks.  I'm not sure the best way to
                    handle this, but I want data saved by the week, month, and year. Based of these sheets should be created with stats based
                    off of the data saved.  Stats to include
                    tips/hr 
                    fees/hr 
                    total/hr
                    deliveries/hr
                    When it gets broken down into months and years it should show averages for each of those for every hour of your shift.
                    total tips per week, month, year
                    total fees, per week, month, year
                    average tips+fees/hr over all that time.
                    how many deliveries you've take per week, month, year.
                    The total of order totals per week, month year.
                    Any other stats that you think would be beneficial or interesting to see.
            Maps
                these are three maps that I would like displayed individually. For now use the placeholder given.  I do want a grid placed over
                the map.  There should be numerical text input.  The user will enter a house number and then they will be brought to the correct
                location on the map. These are maps of trailer parks. They do not number per street.  They do it per park, which make homes hard 
                to find. 
            Building Codes
                This will just be a custom modal that pops up with the current know building codes for our deliveries.  Just one button named OK.
                this close the modal.
            Statistics.  
                I wanted to make this an interactive stats page based off of the info in workbooks.  I wanted them to be able to change time 
                periods too.  That way they could see if different years were better, if different holidays affected business, how summer affects
                business.  How the school year and school vacations affect it.  Your input would be greatly appreciated on implementation.
            Magnifier
                *note  I need your help to determine what the most popular free magnifying glass/ flashlight app is for both apple and android or 
                would it be better to ask them access one of their choosing?  Again your input is greatly appreciated in the implementation. 
                This link should check to see what OS the user is using.  It should then check to see if the appropriate app is installed.
                    if it is open it.
                    else open a custom modal that asks the user if they would like to install the app on their phone.  Their should be two 
                    buttons, yes and no.  No closes the modal and brings the user back to the home screen.  Yes brings the user to their app stored
                    to download it. 
            Help
                This just brings the user to either the readme.md file or an html file with instructions on use of the site. 

CSS - I want to use PaperCSS as much as possible.  Would SASS be worth using in this project? In the img folder there is another folder called
    driversDoughColors. In this folder are screenshots of color.adobe and the images that I want to use in the header.  There are a variety of 
    themes and color codes that I want to use in the project.   Other colors outside of these can be used.  However I would like at least one theme
    each for dark mode and light mode.   I'm leaning towards DayDark.png for light mode.   For dark mode either NightBright.png or NightColorful.png
    I'm leaning more towards NightBright.png.  I would greatly appreciate your opinion on this as well. They key is that the color scheme is cohesive.
    I want lots of depth and elevation in this site.  multiple levels if possible. In dark mode I do not want it too dark as the elevation does not 
    show up as well.  Instead of blacks for backgrounds and footers use dark grays please.  Everything on this site should be evenly spaced, mobile
    first, and fully responsive, unless otherwise noted. 

    Header -along with the footer this should have the most elevation.  In light mode, the background should be bright white.  Other than the image
    it holds, It should have the most elevation on the page.  Extreme elevation, crank it!  In dark mode It should be the brighter of the dark 
    colors.  Extreme elevation, crank it!

        The image used in the header for both light and dark mode should show elevation.  Not as excessive as header and footers, but it should be
        noticeable. The header image for light mode is VillaAndCarPixarDay.png.  Dark mode should use VillaAndCarPixarNight.png.

        The Header should be an H1 element.  It should utilize PaperCSS fonts.  For light mode the color should be one of the darker hues.  In dark
        mode it should be one the lightest hues. The title is "Driver's Dough"

    Body - The background of the body should be off-white in light mode.  In dark mode the It should be a darker shade of the gray used in the 
           header and footer. 

           The first row has the two buttons evenly spaced and centered.  These buttons are named Add Entry and Edit Entry.  These buttons should 
           have the same background color as the header and footer.  The font and the border should utilize the same colors.  In light mode I was 
           thinking of one of the light colors.  In dark mode it should be the lightest colors.  The buttons should have lots of elevation, but 
           not as much as the header and footer.  This is because when the page scrolls I want the feeling of it going under the header and footer.

           Next is the card with the table displaying all of the deliveries that have been entered. This should have the same colored background as
           the buttons, header, and footer.  It should have the same elevation as the buttons. In dark mode it should have a light colored border.  
           I haven't decided if it should share the same border color as the buttons or if all the cards should have their own matching border color.
           Your input is appreciated. Every other delivery listed should have a slightly different shade of background color so that the deliveries are
           easy to distinguish from each other.  Also when a cash order is entered, it should have a notable background color so that they can 
           quickly and easily be picked out.

           Next is the Header for the next section of cards.  It should be an h2 element and use the same color scheme as the h1 element in the 
           header.

           The next four cards should all look the same.  They all utilize unordered list, but it should not look as such.  It should just look
           organized.  The keys pinned left, the values pinned right.  The background colors should be the same as the buttons.  They should share
           the same elevation as the buttons. In dark mode the cards should have a border as discussed previously.  

           (hidden)  It contains the form for entering new deliveries. This should be styled the same as the other cards.
           However all of the elements on the form should show extreme elevation.  They should all have noticeable borders. The buttons on this card
           should be the colors of the borders.  They should also share the elevation level of the other elements. In light mode the borders should 
           match, in dark mode the borders should match.

           (hidden) This is the custom modal. As stated many time this should be heavily modeled after the pizza box in pizzaBox.jpg. It should use
           the same red color in the image.  It should utilize the red bars and if the space is possible the pizza slice. The modals should look like
           they have extreme elevation. Similar to the headers and footers. 

           (hidden) This is the number pad which are a bunch of buttons. They should have elevation.  Similar to the buttons.  They should not have
           the same color scheme as the others.  Feel free to style at your liberty. Using the color themes supplied in driversDoughColors folder
           would be most optimal.  The buttons should have a styling to be cohesive with light mode and one to be cohesive with dark mode. What is 
           your opinion on them have a very light colored translucent background with a dark font.  The border would match the background but be
           bold and not transparent.  side note.  I was thinking of this being the option for the hamburger menu pop up.

    Footer  - This should have the same color and elevation as the header. The two elements on here should be centered vertically but not 
            horizontally.  The hamburger menu should be pinned left and the toggle switch should be pinned right.

            Toggle Switch - pinned right. The background of the toggle switch should show lots of dept.  Extreme depth, like go goes down to the
                            background of the body.  The knob should show elevation.  You at your liberty on the colors to use.  One version cohesive
                            with light, one cohesive with dark.  using colors from the themes in driversDoughColors folder would be most optimal.
            Hamburger menu - pinned left.  The color scheme should have version to match light mode and one fro dark mode.  It should show elevation
                            to match the knob on the toggle switch. I was thinking it would look cool if the popup menu that appeared was a light colored
                            background that is translucent.  It should have dark fonts.  The border should match the background but not be translucent. If
                            need be you can hide things in the background when it pops up an make the visible when it goes away.  Again your opinion is 
                            appreciated. 

                            punch in/out
                                uses the custom modal which my desires have already been established.
                            End night
                                uses the custom modal which my desires have already been established. 
                            Maps
                                At the moment I have no idea how to style this.  Use your liberty to style in a cohesive manner.
                            Building Codes
                                This should use the custom modal which my desires have already been established.
                            Statistics
                                this is totally left up to you as well as you are pretty much implement the html and js as you see fit.
                            Magnifier
                                This is a link to an outside app.  No styling is needed.
                            Help page
                                This is either the Readme.md which can't be styled or create the html and CSS for the help page as you see
                                fit. 

